[CROWD CHEERING]
♪♪
♪ The thrill is gone ♪
♪ The thrill is gone away ♪
♪ The thrill is gone, baby ♪
♪ You done me wrong, baby ♪
♪ You'll be sorry ♪
♪ Some day ♪
♪ The thrill is gone ♪
♪ The thrill has
gone away from me ♪
♪ The thrill is gone, baby ♪
♪ The thrill is
gone away from me ♪
♪ Although I'll still live on ♪
♪ But so lonely, I'll be ♪
[B.B.] Yeah!
♪ I'm free now, baby ♪
♪ I'm free from your spell ♪
♪ Free, free, free now, baby ♪
♪ Now that it's all over ♪
♪ All I can do ♪
♪ Is wish you well ♪
I'd like to thank you.
[CROWD CHEERING]
I'd like to thank these
three young men
sitting down in front with me.
They treat me so good,
I begin to feel special.
I said they treat me
so well I feel special.
[CROWD CHEERING]
Thank you, thank you.
God dog, go ahead!
Boy you sure do play that.
Like the ladies say,
you play that thang.
♪♪